it is the month of December 2017 and I
am back in Chiang Mai I'm not really
here for a holiday although I'm sort of
forced to be on vacation I'm here
because I have a court date my ongoing
case against the charming man you all
know as durianrider so most you already
know that situation most we already know
what the situation was a couple of years
ago when this controversy threw myself
interim rider began I just want to
reiterate my invitation now that while
in the past during rider made threats of
violence against me he threatened to
have me beaten up by a gang of people in
the streets he repeatedly threatened
that someone would stab me if I dared to
come to Jiang Mai again he would of
course put in the disclaimer that he
wasn't gonna stab me himself but that
someone would even what point was
stating that angry vegan was gonna feed
me up what a minute Rafi could freak up
along just great it was fine of course
most of the people who used to be as
supporters most of the people who me
used to insinuate remember some a gang
to beat me up now no longer support him
and deeply regretted he ever did but
setting that aside I just want to say
that my position back then was as it is
today if he wanted to talk to me if he
wanted to meet me in a coffee shop I was
going to meet him and talk him in a
coffee shop and if he really wanted to
meet and have a fist fight here in
Chiang Mai Thailand
there are many respectable you know
boxing arenas there were you know gyms
that have a boxing ring or they were
dedicated kind of fight clubs where you
can do western boxing or Thai kickboxing
or what have you
if durianrider wants to meet up with me
and have a boxing match I'm down and I
offered that back when we were both in
Shanghai at the same time couple of
years ago and I still offer that today
so I think we should do it as some kind
of charity fundraiser for veganism I'd
say that if I win the boxing match I
chair Atia I would put towards would be
illustrating and publishing my
children's book who's a children's book
I wrote in Chinese and it's been
translated into English German Russian
Japanese and I think a couple of other
languages and it is as you'd guess if
you know my channel a children's story
book that is basically a kind of
slightly poetic propaganda for the vegan
cause and durianrider can maybe pick
some charity that he wants to support
and maybe who raised some money if you
then that money goes towards the charity
of his choice instead I just want to say
I am NOT in particularly great shape at
this time I can flex for you guys and I
could put in here a clip of a video from
the past when I was lifting more weight
when I was in better shape and could
Ming of me flexing and board look like
back then I'm now down to only 93
kilograms
that is partly yes because I had a desk
job as a as a teacher I was basically a
university professor teaching English in
Yunnan China for about a year but to be
honest with you another aspect of life
in China is just being sick all the time
I can't count the number of times that
was on antibiotics within the last year
in China you're getting foodborne
illness all the time most recently
within the last month month and a half I
had shingles for the first time in my
life first outbreak of shingles and had
to endure that and then right after that
I had Giardia and I had to take
antibiotics for Giardia those are
serious illnesses that most people find
debilitating I didn't suffer too much
wasn't too bad for me in terms of the
pain but sure that really puts a dent in
your workout schedule it's well known
you know during Ryder's main method of
working out is long-distance cycling my
me more method of working is doing
push-ups so now put in here a clip of
what I mean when I say I do push-ups my
normal thing is to do 200 push-ups a day
this way most recently when I was at the
airport I just did I think about 160 of
these at the airport using a fence at
the airport to put my feet on you'll see
here my feet are actually higher than
waist level obviously depending on where
I'm working out what I can put my feet
up on varies and if you look at my feet
while I'm doing this push-up motion
you'll see there is very very little
weight in my feet I don't have my I
don't have the weight in my toes and on
my feet flat in that sense it's more
like my feet are outstretched like the
palm of your hand so it's almost my
entire body weight being lifted with
each push-up and I try to do 200 of
these a day but lately since I had
shingles and edgy already has since I've
been bouncing back prevalence I have not
been in very good shape
so I'm not in fighting form if the water
wants to fight and wants to win this is
a pretty good time because I'm really
not in great condition right now
without even said you know if you if you
look at the stats during writer is lied
a lot about the stats and I think he did
that because he was afraid that people
would call him a coward because he tried
to start a fight with me and then he ran
durianrider is about one year older than
me so we're really about the same age
he's maybe one inch shorter than me but
maybe less than that I don't know his
exact height I don't know his exact
weight many people have told me
including his ex-girlfriend that he he
lies about his weight but he lies saying
that he's lighter than he really is as
you say I'm right now 93 kilograms and
not in particularly great shape
obviously were both on a vegan diet but
I really do assume I mean he is more
he's on permanent vacation he hasn't
been working a desk job and you know he
has by his own account been using
performance-enhancing drugs he's talked
about that fairly openly and other
people in his life have also have also
talked about that but I'd assume too
that just because he does so much
long-distance cycling he probably has
very good endurance so if it's a long
fight if it's a fight that goes on it's
it's hot here in Chiangmai
if it's a fight that lasts for quite a
long time in the in the the tropical
heat of Chiang Mai I could imagine him
really having a big advantage of
endurance so by no means would it be a
one-sided or unfair fighting in my
advantage and in the past he has talked
about me as if that were the case he
said that I was six foot five 300 pounds
like six foot eight 300 pounds he said
these things about me it's true that I
am normally around 200 pounds but
nowhere near 300 never have been and I'm
as I say I'm not really that much taller
than him so look I think you guys can
tell there's no anger in my voice
there's no frustration in my voice but
this is a guy who defamed me who you
know really seriously slandered me in
the Internet who really carried on
campaign to try to turn the whole world
against me and instead it ended up
destroying his credibility I really
think in many ways his career certainly
as a leader and activist in the vegan
movement is already over so in that
sense of one oh but reciprocally I mean
I just responded to his threats of
violence in the past by saying well see
me when you see me if you want to meet
up we can meet up if you want to meet at
a karaoke bar
you meet a karaoke bar if you wanted me
to a coffee shop when you made a coffee
shop and if you want to meet in a boxing
ring we can make that happen in the past
I've talked to other people about having
a charity boxing match for vegan and
some talk to Jason fizzy know about that
I've talked to vegan gains about that
I really doubt I could win a boxing
match getting gains but I might be
losing for a good cause we're coming up
on Christmas you're in Thailand I don't
know if durianrider celebrates Christmas
I've never seen any reference to it on
his channel I don't I don't really watch
his videos so maybe he's done some
videos talking about Christmas but we
could do the boxing match on the 23rd
24th or 25th we could have something
like a Christmas Day boxing match if you
guys ask me I can't remember anyone
asked me if I'd be willing to do like a
square dance ie not in a formal boxing
ring but just to have a street fight you
don't have a fist fight out in the
street in public or something my answer
to that is a very definite no because
you know durianrider is a police
informant during rider is a snitch
during rider is someone who runs to the
cops and who tells lies to the cops
again and again at any excuse there are
many examples of this including
situations that involve violence where
he lied about fistfights
I have several I've seen several
examples of that some of them involving
people I know some of them people I
don't really know like Anthony Cole pole
and even when he had this dispute with
his ex-girlfriend this teenage girl I
forgot her name at the moment honestly
but you know and there was a dispute
about his laptop and about her bicycle
and there's got the key he ran to the
cops and he lied to the cops then too so
when you're dealing with someone who's
untrustworthy in that way there's no way
you can meet up with them outside of a
formal boxing arena one little anecdote
about that that springs to mind by the
way there was a time when I got a whole
bunch of anti-semitic comments on my
channel of my Kofi not remember this I
had comments open on my channel at that
time I had they're closed now but
remember there were bunch of 80
submitted comments on the channel I let
them go for a while because they were
people who supported Cory McCarthy
because I criticized Cory McCarthy for
his racism I did a couple different
videos criticizing vegans who were
neo-nazis or far right-wing or racist
futile people not just Cory McCarthy so
as a result I got kind of angry comments
from from ad Semitic people
and so I let them go for a while and I
thought okay I should go delete those
comments so I went to the in YouTube you
can search the comments by search term
and I searched for the word Jew and the
the first comment that came up wasn't
one of the interested minute comments it
was actually a comment from a
durianrider supporter who had just then
lost faith in durianrider it was a
really interesting comment to read
because the guy said you guys said
durianrider you know i've lost all
respect for you and he said this Jew is
old school
referring to me as this it said the
minute this guy offered to meet up with
you the minute this guy just stood up to
your threats have bounced it ok this is
what asking has to be you back down you
started lying you started backpedaling
you started you know the guy just laid
out what happened so it's funny as much
as durianrider like to pose as a tough
guy and wanted to present himself as
somebody who rolled with a gang of
really tough guys like I don't know like
Joey carbs strong or something to a
cursor I guess Abdulla Zana or something
those guys aren't such tough guys but
they none of them supported anymore and
even within his viewer base even than
his own fan base I remote this is just
it was just funny it's stuck in my mind
this Jew is old school is like well I
always says as one of my tag lines you
know I'm not a nice guy but the weird
thing is within the vegan movement when
I compare myself to people like Gary
France aione was just joking about that
the other day with with Maude vegan it's
like you know what it's ironic but
compared to Gary France aione I am a
nice guy you know compared to Gary
Yourofsky I am a nice guy but I keep
telling you guys I'm not a nice guy and
likewise you know I'm not a tough guy
I'm really not but when I compare myself
to somebody like durianrider I gotta say
well I'm not a tough guy but I'm tougher
than these guys
evolution ah ba Lu Ciel